[Music]
a mythical monster straight out of your
worst nightmares with wildlife in a
hideous face and feet that were
amazingly freakishly
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow look at all this stuff this is the
most beautiful miracle I've ever seen it
Ralph breaks the Internet thank you like
me how in your universe there's only one
spider-man
but there's another universe it looks it
sounds like yours but it's not hey guys
okay who are you i'm gwen stacy people
are there something new what is it up to
no but that beat is pretty fresh
[Music]
it's like it knows our every move weird
right
[Music]
we did it the world's first dragon
Viking utopia he's not the only one
light fury I've hunted every Night Fury
except yours and him over I will never
give him up it's you and me bud Oh
[Music]
you might
I wonder in Wonderland
[Music]